Update text background settings (#4697)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/style_library/label_settings.rst

* the :guilabel:`Font`, from the ones available on your machine
* the :guilabel:`Style`: along with the common styles of the font, you can set
  whether the text should be underlined or striked through

> * the :guilabel:`Size` in any :ref:`supported units <unit_selector>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the :guilabel:`Size` in any :ref:`supported unit <unit_selector>`
```

To create a buffer around the label, activate the |checkbox| :guilabel:`Draw
text buffer` checkbox in the |labelbuffer| :guilabel:`Buffer` tab. Then you can:

> * Set the buffer's :guilabel:`Size` in any :ref:`supported units <unit_selector>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the buffer's :guilabel:`Size` in any :ref:`supported unit <unit_selector>`
```

* Use the :guilabel:`Blend mode` option to determine how your label's buffer
  will mix with the map components below them (more details at
  :ref:`blend-modes`).
* Check |unchecked| :guilabel:`Draw effects` to add advanced |paintEffects|
  :ref:`paint effects <draw_effects>` for improving text readability,
  eg through outer glows and blurs.

.. _labels_background:

Background tab
--------------

The |labelbackground| :guilabel:`Background` tab allows you to configure a

> shape that stays at the bottom of the labels. To add a background, activate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shape that stays below each label. To add a background, activate
```

the |unchecked| :guilabel:`Draw Background` checkbox and select
the :guilabel:`Shape` type. It can be:

> * of a regular type such as :guilabel:`Rectangle`, :guilabel:`Square`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a regular shape such as :guilabel:`Rectangle`, :guilabel:`Square`,
```

  :guilabel:`Circle` or :guilabel:`Ellipse`

> * an :guilabel:`SVG` symbol from a file, a URL or embedded in the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* an :guilabel:`SVG` symbol (from a file or a URL, embedded in the project
```

Author: these are three alternatives (url, file, embed) of same level. The way you suggest, it looks like two combinations of levels of two alternatives (from url or file and then being embedded in project or db)

Reviewer: Four alternatives are listed:
1) From a file
2) From a URL
3) Embedded in the project
4) Embedded in a style database
And I think placing the alternatives in parenthesis emphasises just that.

>   or style database (:ref:`more details <svg_paths>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or style database - :ref:`more details <svg_paths>`)
```

* or a :guilabel:`Marker Symbol` you can create or select from the
  :ref:`symbol library <vector_marker_symbols>`.

.. _figure_textsettings_background:

.. figure:: img/textsettings_background.png
   :align: center

   Text settings - Background tab

> Depending on the selected shape, you'd need to configure some of the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the selected shape, you need to configure some of the following
```

properties:

* The :guilabel:`Size type` of the frame, which can be:

>   * :guilabel:`Fixed`: using a unique size for all the labels, regardless the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :guilabel:`Fixed`: using the same size for all the labels, regardless the
```

>     whole text size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    size of the text
```

  * or a :guilabel:`Buffer` over the text's bounding box
* The :guilabel:`Size` of the frame in X and Y directions, using any
  :ref:`supported units <unit_selector>`
* A :guilabel:`Rotation` of the background, between :guilabel:`Sync with label`,
  :guilabel:`Offset of label` and :guilabel:`Fixed`. The last two require
  an angle in degrees.

> * An :guilabel:`Offset X,Y` to shift the background item in X and/or Y directions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An :guilabel:`Offset X,Y` to shift the background item in the X and/or Y directions
```

> * A :guilabel:`Radius X,Y` to round corners of the background shape (applies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A :guilabel:`Radius X,Y` to round the corners of the background shapes (applies
```
